hello everyone welcome to my channel and you
I bring the review of a mod that has
called much much attention the
biosphere mod
As you can see here , let us add a new
World type biospheres
I'm going to put it in creative and now I'm going
to teach
what this mod does
at the end of the video you have how
install it and in the description of ais
the links of the modern and the mod that is
We only need to install it
when I created the map we will appear in a
kind of crystal ball
that will be communicated with many more
good balls that are then the biospheres
as you see
each one has a language type
and they are all united by these bridges
of wood that are created by themselves
example here we have
the jungle biome
we also appear small small
biospheres where we have materials like
this
in all biospheres in materials in
these there are many more for example here
there is iron
there will surely be diamond out there
inside
good there are emeralds ay ay diamond
as you see one size still there
different biomes any biome can
enter the biosphere
the world is infinite while we go
exploring what you see here they go
appearing more biospheres
there are also animals there are all around
what you can find in a world
normal I say that put in balls of
crystal
as you can see while the world is going
generating biospheres are appearing
the mod is pretty nice what is going
creating
because creating this would be very difficult here
and Well
there it ends it seems that it is not infinite
all
Well, it's not infinite at all
I thought that if it seems that here it is cut
I do not know if it was a bug or is it just you
create a number a piece if it is a book it
is cutting now
Well, now I leave you with the
installation of the mod
and I hope you liked it already you know
who urged the links in the inscription
To download it
and good I leave you with the installation
good will teach us to install it download
the two files that are in the
description of the video are download
direct the biosphere of the world and the world
we open them both
something like that will not come out with the winrar very
simple let's go to percentage
a pepe data percentages
we went to point minecraft bean
we will acquire the minecraft
we give you to open with
winrar archiver
as you see here we get the minecraft
we delete the folder is to the goal and
ene efe
has already been deleted
we take the mod loader we take all
we copy these files in the
minecraft folder
despite the fact that add replace accept
to the bierzo that is the mod
and the same thing we take these files
and to the minecraft folder add
replace the same accept
and with this we already have the mod installed
if you liked the video really there
favorites subscribe to the channel to see
more videos and that's it
goodbye